Instagram now supports videos with updates
Let's post this instagram video
Press the button to switch to the lower right video to
It is such a feeling that it becomes a mode that can take a video
Hey only while the operation is pressing this video button
The video is taken and recorded
What
If you talk on the way, you can pause for a moment
If you want to continue buying from there again, this is once more
You can take and begin to
Next in this in in ok ok not have but I do not take also still
Pressing the next will choose a filter
An in-Star grams familiar filter
You can call this video
When you decide on the filter , press next
Since it is a video, you can choose the cover frame of which screen to bring to the real top
Let's choose beyond the god who wants to see the video
Be shared such as facebook or twitter and then the next is after
I can do it
You can post the Instagram video just by this
Time can post is about 15 seconds
Let's take a look at the poster poster a while ago
You can post the video like this Everybody is black and try to follow the talk after that
Please give me
me
aname
na na na na
ame
me